episode3/readme.md, before:

# NetAuto Group Meetup - Episode 3

| Presenter | Title | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| Lukas Steiner | Hackthon Recap: Expert task |  |
| [Florian Loehden](https://www.linkedin.com/in/florian-loehden/) | [Hackthon Recap: Intermediate task](https://github.com/NetAuto-RheinMain/NetAutober-2025-Hackathon-tasks/tree/floehden-intermediate/intermediate) | In the Intermediate task of the NetAutoberfest Hackathon it was the task to provision a Monitoring solution in Docker to observe a virtual machine. It was shown in the event how this could look like and what can be observed. The entire solution is automated with bash, ansible and terraform. For actually showing something there is an load testing script. And it is also important to think about how things can be destroyed again, so there is also a script for that. |
| [Ralph John](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-john-b96b68222/) | [Overview and live demo of Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform]() | Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform (AAP) simplifies the development and operation of automation workloads for managing enterprise environments. AAP works for multiple IT domains including operations, networking, security, and development, as well as across hybrid cloud endpoints. First we give an overview, then we start a live demo. |

Commit message:

feat: add episode 3 - hackathon expert task slides

episode3/readme.md, after:

# NetAuto Group Meetup - Episode 3

| Presenter | Title | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| [Lukas Steiner](https://github.com/lu1as) | [Hackathon Recap: Expert task](/episode3/Hackathon%20-%20Cloud%20Router%20and%20Kubernetes.pdf) | The task was about creating a BGP peering between an AWS Cloud Router and a Kubernetes Pod. This was adopted to OpenStack by using a VyOS router virutal machine and the Cilium CNI plugin as peerings partners. Moreover, a solution was developed to add BGP routing to OpenStack routers to complete the chain. The result was, that Kubernetes Load Balancer IPs get announced via BGP using the worker node as next-hop. |
| [Florian Loehden](https://www.linkedin.com/in/florian-loehden/) | [Hackthon Recap: Intermediate task](https://github.com/NetAuto-RheinMain/NetAutober-2025-Hackathon-tasks/tree/floehden-intermediate/intermediate) | In the Intermediate task of the NetAutoberfest Hackathon it was the task to provision a Monitoring solution in Docker to observe a virtual machine. It was shown in the event how this could look like and what can be observed. The entire solution is automated with bash, ansible and terraform. For actually showing something there is an load testing script. And it is also important to think about how things can be destroyed again, so there is also a script for that. |
| [Ralph John](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-john-b96b68222/) | [Overview and live demo of Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform]() | Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform (AAP) simplifies the development and operation of automation workloads for managing enterprise environments. AAP works for multiple IT domains including operations, networking, security, and development, as well as across hybrid cloud endpoints. First we give an overview, then we start a live demo. |
